Don't update currentExtent of headless surface when swapchain attached. (#2141)
KhronosGroup/MoltenVK: Docs/Whats_New.md

- Fix potential crash when using multi-planar images.
- Ensure buffers available for buffer addresses in push constants.
- Support `libMoltenVK.dylib` for _iOS Simulator_ architecture.

> - Restore support for _iOS Simulat
> Speor_ destination in recent update to _Cube_ demo that uses dynamic-linking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restore support for _iOS Simulator_ destination in recent update to _Cube_ demo that uses dynamic-linking.
```

I take it you didn't mean to insert those spurious characters there.

Author: WTF? I must have sneezed with my hands over the keyboard!

Thanks. You're proofreading is, as always, impeccable!
